Debugging the AGS engine
------------------------
ADVANCED USERS ONLY

This file explains how you can debug the actual AGS engine when you find a
problem which you think is a bug in the engine, and not in your game.

Only follow the steps below after Chris Jones has recommended doing so.
You should contact the author for help before trying any of the debug switches.


USING THE DEBUGGING FEATURES

From v2.02 onwards, the AGS engine supports engine debugging.
Do NOT confuse this with the "Debug mode" which you can set in the Room Editor.
The "Debug Mode" is for helping out with testing the game you are making by
allowing you to cheat in various ways. However, engine debugging is for finding
problems with the actual AGS code.

To run the engine in Engine Debugging mode, you can use the following switches
on the command line (ie. type  AC [switches]   or  USERGAME [switches] ).

 -noiface    Does not draw interfaces
 -nosprdisp  Does not draw any objects/characters on the screen
 -nospr      Does not calculate or draw any objects or characters
 -noupdate   Does not do any game logic updates (animations, movements, etc)
 -noscript   Does not run any room (local) text scripts
 -nosound    Disables all sound effects
 -nomusic    Disables all background music

You can use any combination of the switches above and try a few different
combinations until you find one that works (or don't find any).
For example, if the game is crashing immediately every time you try and load
it, you can try running it with each of the switches above, and if it doesn't
crash with a certain switch, then you have found the area of the code which
the problem lies in. Report this to Chris Jones and it will help greatly in
finding a solution for the problem.

First of all, try typing
  AC -noiface -nospr
and see if that fixes the problem. If it does, then try
  AC -noiface
and
  AC -nospr
seperately, and see if one of them solves the problem.

Failing that, try combinations of all the other switches.

Problems you will notice include:
 * using the NOUPDATE switch will cause the timers not to advance, so the
   game will not progress beyond the first intro screen. You may want to
   change the starting room to room 1 to avoid this.
 * using the NOIFACE switch will mean that the "Skip intro" dialog box will
   not be displayed, so you must watch the whole thing

Remember, if using these switches means you cannot quit the game, you can
use  Ctrl-Break  to abort at any time.
