Included in the archive is a beta version of the Windows DirectX version
of the AGS engine. It should look and play identically to the DOS version.
The reason I have started on this is because of Windows 2000, which has
does not allow DOS programs to use sound. Once people start getting Win2000
with their new computers, there are bound to be complaints about AGS games
having no sound, and there's nothing I can do about it - except to write
a Windows version. I will provide two versions of the engine. And don't
worry - I'm not about to abandon DOS support: for one thing, the Room Editor
is still DOS-only.

The Windows version currently has the following limitations:
 * Some files cannot be used from the main game data file; so you need all
   sound effects and music present in the directory seperately
 * MOD, XM and MP3 music do not play
 * The function keys (F1 to F10) do not work.
 * You cannot build a standalone EXE file with the Windows version
 * The CDAudio text script function does not work.
 * There is no Setup program: to change the screen resolution, run the DOS-
   based Setup program, and the Windows version will use the setup from that.
   Note that the Windows version uses your DirectX sound setup, so the sound
   settings you enter into DOS-based setup are not used.

To use the Windows version:
Copy the ACWIN.EXE and ALL3927.DLL into your game's directory (ie. the
directory with the AC2GAME.DAT file in it). Then, double-click Acwin.exe.

Please try it out and tell me the results. Remember that it is a beta and so
is not guaranteed to work properly. And don't just tell me "it crashes" - try
and give more information which might help me solve the problem.

If you're wondering: Yes, it is designed so that the Windows and DOS versions
both use the same game file. You only need to save your game once; then the
AC2GAME.DAT file is accessed by both versions of the interpreter.
The two versions can even share saved game positions.

Chris Jones
